[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEROGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief,"
a very special
guest for you today.
Bree Melanson is a channel
and spiritual teacher
who supports others in accessing
their own ability to receive
higher intelligence, self-heal,
and manifest with the field.
Welcome back, Bree.
It's been a while.
>>BREE MELANSON: Thank you.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>MELANSON: Pretty good.
Happy to be here.
Such an honor and a gift.
>>NOORY: It's always great
to have you on the program.
You bring a special gift with
you whenever you're here.
And that's the gift of your
ability to teach us more things.
>>MELANSON: It's my
greatest passion.
>>NOORY: People seem
to be fascinated
with ETs, spirituality.
Why?
>>MELANSON: Good question.
I think-- I believe
that, I guess,
all of our curiosities
and our desires
are driven by our desire
to remember our wholeness
and to expand and to grow.
And I think probably
more specifically
with our fascination with
ETs and the metaphysical,
it's an inner knowing
and remembrance
that we have of the greater
aspect of who we are
and our greater potential.
So I think that's what really
pulls us underneath all
the shiny things.
>>NOORY: And they're
all connected.
They're all intertwined,
aren't they?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
I mean, we are energetic beings.
We are sentient beings.
We can at least attest to that.
And more and more, thanks
to things like Gaia,
we are opening and,
I guess through Gaia,
creating more
pathways for people
to understand our connection.
>>NOORY: You're a healer.
You're a spiritualist.
What do you prefer to be?
>>MELANSON: Just Bree.
Just Bree.
Yeah, I think we're
all healers in a way
no matter if you're a
host, or an energy worker,
or a teacher, or mechanic.
I think we're all here
to support each other
as like this greater macrocosm.
>>NOORY: Do we have
to train ourselves
to be these kinds of healers?
>>MELANSON: It takes a
remembrance, for sure.
I mean, I didn't come
out seeing through walls.
When I was young, I would
talk about certain things.
And I was always--
>>NOORY: But you
were born this way.
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
we think we all are.
Yeah, we all have some
type of remembrance.
And even just with kids, you
see how open they are to magic
and how active their
imaginations are.
And I think we all
come in with that--
essentially like that
light and that remembrance.
And yeah, a lot of
times, we're not
taught how to use those
tools or given pathways.
But it's within all of us.
Yeah, it's impossible
for it not to be.
>>NOORY: Yet, some are
better than others.
Why?
>>MELANSON: I think it has
to do with our purpose.
And I also don't like to give
too much weight to that word.
It's really about following
what lights us up,
what we're curious about, what
brings us life force energy.
And so I think for me,
specifically, I always
had a real draw to
this and curiosity.
I just didn't know
how it could look.
So I never thought
that I would be here.
But it was really
just a-- it's been
a result of following
those curiosities
and what I was drawn
to all my life.
And so I think if part
of your divine makeup
is around being a musician,
you're going to feel a draw.
And you might be naturally--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>MELANSON: --better at playing.
But we all-- intuition is
really a survival skill.
Yeah.
But I would say it
probably has more
to do with that kind of like
innate imprint that we all have.
>>NOORY: What has been
the most profound episode
you've had in your career
that even astounded you?
>>MELANSON: Well, I never
ceased to be amazed by things.
>>NOORY: Oh, go
ahead and tell us.
>>MELANSON: It's this moment.
It's this very moment.
I taught at a prison recently.
And gosh, it makes me cry.
I'm sorry.
It's a love tear.
I'm going to move through it.
One second.
>>NOORY: You're
getting emotional.
How come?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
I just-- it's part
of being in your heart,
unfortunately or fortunately.
>>NOORY: That's a good thing.
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
it's a good thing.
I think sometimes
it's like our body is
processing the levels of love
that are kind of integrating.
Anyway, I taught at a prison.
And I facilitated
breathwork for them.
But we started with
a bit of a class
just around emotions
and the mind.
And watching, I think,
even just their reactions
was quite profound.
And their answers
were quite deep.
But it was such a
beautiful example
of the greater the contrast
and hardship that we have,
the greater potential for our
healing and our transcendence.
So the breathwork that
I use and facilitate
in a lot of my programs and
classes is quite somatic.
And it can bring you to
really transcendental states.
>>NOORY: Is this like
Wim Hof's breath?
>>MELANSON: It's similar-- yeah,
it's a different technique.
But it gets you
to the same place.
>>NOORY: Same results?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, you
do it laying down.
It tends to be a little
bit more intense in a way.
And watching some of
them move through--
like that had severe PTSD.
And one of the older
gentlemen said that it usually
takes him like hours
to get back to normal
if he visits what happened.
And he totally like went
there within the breathwork
and then came out of it in this
like euphoric state of peace
and really couldn't believe it.
And I've seen people heal from
chronic diagnosed conditions
and years of pain really through
like one breathwork session.
So it provides-- the technology
of our bodies is so profound.
And we're scratching
the surface.
And I think probably one
of the greatest gifts
is like seeing people transform.
>>NOORY: Bree, you're an expert
on Gaia's original series
"Channeling," where you
talk about the importance
of connecting to the heart.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO:
When we started
the path of spirituality, the
first thing that everyone says
is you have to get
rid of the ego.
The ego is the one
that has been helping
you to survive for millions
of years in this planet.
So when we speak
about channeling,
which is letting other
energies go through me,
the ego says, wait a moment,
But is this going to kill me?
So you cannot get rid of ego.
That's dying.
But what you can do is not leave
it in control of everything.
That's why everyone talks
about going to the heart.
Why?
Because the heart doesn't
judge what it's going through.
And the heart basically is
channeling in every bit.
So the system of the heart has
been designed for channeling.
Blood goes through,
oxygen, vitamins.
Anything that the
cells need to survive
go through the
channel of the heart.
That's why, spiritually, we can
say we need to go to the heart
in order to let us set free
from the ego and be more free.
>>MELANSON: Within the
opening of the heart
and the practice of service,
not just the intention,
this is where you dissipate all
barricades that you have created
through your own perception.
[END OF PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What do
you think of that?
>>MELANSON: The heart,
it's a good place to live.
And yeah, I think our freest,
most heart-filled expression
will always be our most abundant
expression, our most healed
expression.
I love how Matías
talks about just
that parallel of a
physical heart being
this channel for our
ability to be here
and also our channel for
source or intelligence.
As we were talking
about earlier,
we really are sentient beings.
And intelligence is a matter of
energy and a sentient nature.
And I think we get a
little bit tripped up
when we make emotions bad or
good or trying to avoid them.
And really, our channel is
our core and center for--
excuse me, our heart is
our channel for creation.
>>NOORY: I had Howard Martin
on my "Coast to Coast"
radio show from HeartMath, who
was convinced that the heart is
a living, breathing organ, not
just as a heart but almost like
a brain center.
What do you think of that?
>>MELANSON: He's
absolutely right.
I have one of the
HeartMath tools
that I've played around with
to find heart coherence.
It's our center
for intelligence.
And really, the mind
is really just meant
to translate that information.
We are always taking in
information energetically
on a sentient level.
And so the more we
can learn how to keep
that channel open
and our communication
open with our
heart, our emotions
are really just telling us where
we stand in relation to source.
They're like feedback.
So we get stuck
when we, again, make
emotions bad versus just
recognizing the essence of truth
is harmonious.
We are innately harmonious.
And how we feel
is letting us know
where we are resonating
from or the beliefs
that we're holding in relation
to truth or source or harmony.
>>NOORY: Bree, from
these other dimensions--
and there are many--
what do we learn from
these dimensional beings?
>>MELANSON: Well,
they seem to be--
other than having that kind
of sense of remembrance
and the beauty and
curiosity, they
seem to be pretty consistent
with their messaging in that we
are infinite creators and
the energy of creation
moves within us, that our
thoughts direct that source
energy.
So that is how we use
divine, creative energy
through the thoughts that we
elect to uphold and project.
And then the greatest illusion
is that we are separate,
that we're separate from
each other or them or source
or environment or nature.
So even though they share
so much beautiful knowledge,
it feels like the
consistency of their message
is kind of within
those three things.
>>NOORY: We're hearing a lot
these days about disclosure.
Is it real or otherwise?
And what about reverse
engineering, where, apparently,
we have technology given to
us by other ETs or dimensional
beings?
And we've created it.
We've turned it into things.
What do you think of that?
>>MELANSON: It's fascinating.
And I was channeling recently
in like a class setting.
And somebody asked about it.
And what they shared was to
notice what feels like home.
So as these things are being
presented and moving forward
in the future, so much
is being revealed.
And both that is true
and that is not true.
And our job is to feel into,
they put it, what felt like home
or what felt
harmonious or coherent.
So I think moving forward
in the future, our ability
to access our intuition,
use discernment, and be
able to adapt are going
to be the greatest
students of them all.
>>NOORY: Do you feel,
Bree, that people
are opening up more
to spirituality
and this entire field?
>>MELANSON: It
sure seems like it.
Again, I'm like
wink, wink, Gaia.
>>NOORY: They're on it.
They're on it.
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, also, with hardship and
chaos, we ask bigger questions.
So there's that.
It's when we're moving
through hardship,
we're looking for higher
solutions and higher
intelligence.
And there's also an
undeniable shift that's
happening that we're feeling.
And it's a matter of
ideally getting on the wave.
>>NOORY: Why did these
messages come to us
though in a form of
clairvoyance and intuition?
It doesn't seem to be
a direct, hey, folks,
this is what's going on.
Do this.
You'll have a better life.
It's not that way.
It's more surreal.
How come?
>>MELANSON: Well, intelligence--
if we look to nature,
I always like to
use that example.
We can see that there is
a connective tissue that's
creating harmony,
that is intelligent.
And so we are also-- it's,
again, impossible for us
not to be connected to
that field of intelligence.
And so when we connect with
our intrinsic essence or our--
let's just say
when we can manage
to get past our thoughts, that's
when inspiration comes in.
That's when guidance comes in.
That's when clarity comes in.
>>NOORY: But it's not easy to
get through those thoughts,
is it?
>>MELANSON: Not easy.
Yeah, I mean, it
really takes being
willing to trade those
thoughts and our attachments
to the identity for
our infinite potential.
So we have to be willing
to direct our thoughts
towards where we want
to go and the expression
that we're wanting to be.
>>NOORY: Do most
people "get it?"
Do they understand these?
>>MELANSON: The messages or--
>>NOORY: The messages
and concepts?
>>MELANSON: I think
truth reaches all of us
in the ways that it can
and that it's supposed to.
And from my experience with
the interdimensional beings
or angels or any way that
I connect intuitively,
they share messages
that are empowering,
that support our evolution.
And so they're never
telling us what to do
or what to be afraid of.
And I think that's the
most important piece,
is that they are trying to help
us to resonate with the greater
wisdom or truth so
that we can make
the changes because otherwise
we're not actually embodying
the wisdom or the change.
>>NOORY: What is the flow state?
What does that mean?
>>MELANSON: Flow is our
ability to break free
from the identity
and the thoughts
and feel the essence of, really,
our soul and our greater self.
And when we are
in that state, we
are connected to, as you might
say, the intelligent field.
Our intrinsic essence, like
the most innate essence
of who we are, is connected
to the field of creation.
And so just by doing things
that get you out of the mind,
that get you in your body,
that make you feel alive
put you in what we
would call a flow state.
And a flow state is where
we receive guidance,
where we settle back
into harmony, where
we catch inspiration.
And in a lot of ways, I think
it's the most powerful thing
that we can do spiritually, is
to really embody our essence
and work to create that
coherence within ourselves.
>>NOORY: Can everybody do this?
Can everybody channel?
>>MELANSON: I think everybody
is channeling in a way.
We're all channeling
our own expression.
And the ability for people
to access information
definitely is
opening a lot more.
We're seeing a lot more
channels come out and start
sharing their gifts.
So I think it's also a
really helpful question
to consider, What does
my life look like when
I am being a channel for
source or for my soul
or for love or for the
essence of creation?
>>NOORY: Well, on the
"Channeling" series,
you and others talk about the
different types of channeling,
which is very important.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MELANSON: So we want
you to first acknowledge
you are channeling.
You are channeling the
miraculous through you
right now.
When you feel love
in your heart,
when you extend it
to others or as you
are in co-creation
in each moment,
you are channeling divine
source through you.
This is what you are doing.
>>DARRYL ANKA: The
philosophy to me
of being a channel
in the way I am
is simply that some people,
for whatever reason,
have made an agreement
on some level
to bring through information
in this particular way
as a vocal channel.
It is one way of expressing
the art of channeling.
But I want to demystify the idea
so that everyone understands
that this is not some strange,
mysterious phenomenon.
It is something that
is natural to humanity.
And really, without even
knowing it, a lot of people
do it when they're in the zone.
Different forms of channeling
might require a different focus,
a different dedication.
It just depends on
what you choose to do,
what you're attracted to.
But if you are attracted
to a specific expression
of channeling, by following it,
by acting on it to the best you
can, it will attract
the synchronicity
that will bring into your
life the elements, the tools,
the techniques, the knowledge,
the information, the people
that need to be there to help
you move forward on that path.
So it's kind of self-expanding,
self-guiding, self-correcting.
And if you just
act on it, that's
what starts the ball rolling.
[END OF PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: I would guess
you would agree with him.
>>MELANSON: Absolutely.
Yeah, It's, again, what
it's-- it's led me here today,
just the simplicity of
following my curiosity.
And I think it's really
helpful to consider,
what are my-- you can just
frame it as my heart's-- what is
my heart's fullest expression
or my heart's greatest desires.
Where is life calling you?
What fills you with life?
And those things, of course, are
going to bring more life essence
to you and on to others.
>>NOORY: What does
self-healing mean to you, Bree?
>>MELANSON: Well, I think
it's essentially a return to--
all healing is a
return to harmony.
Our bodies innately heal.
We are innately
harmonious and whole.
And so it's really just a
matter of getting our agencies,
meaning our mind, our body, and
our will, aligned with returning
to that wholeness.
So although there are a
million of healing modalities,
I think in most
simple terms, it's
the return to our
wholeness and our harmony.
>>NOORY: When
you're in that mode,
do you know it when
you're in the groove?
>>MELANSON: In the
channeling groove?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
There's definitely-- it's
a different state than what
I feel when I'm say like
when Bree's in her flow state
and I feel really aligned.
However, it's similar in
that the identity leaves.
And I think those are also our
truest moments and our highest
moments, are when the
identity isn't present
and when we feel kind
of freed from it.
I think what I love and what
I'm always most lit up by it
and impressed by is witnessing
people consciously moving
towards their healing.
>>NOORY: You enjoy seeing that?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
and then experiencing
that transcendence if
it is a physical healing
or if it's just a new state
of empowerment or freedom.
>>NOORY: Does it happen often?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I
mean, I-- and we're
doing it every day, right?
It's in any way that we can
direct the mind more towards,
how is this thing here for me?
One of my favorite
questions is--
well, two.
Part one is, What is true
when I take the identity out?
So when we are facing
hardship, what's
true beyond my identities
and investment or opinion?
We begin to be able
to see it from a more
neutral, harmonious state.
We can then begin to open to
whatever the higher path may be.
And then the other
is just remembering
that literally all things
exist in the name of expansion
and evolution.
And so our agency is
being like our mind.
Our mind is really
meant to support
our evolution and our expansion
and our highest expression.
And our bodies don't keep
us separate from source,
that's fake news.
Our bodies are our
greatest conductors
and receivers of source energy.
And they are here so that we can
express that energy and expand.
And our will-- our
ability to choose
what thoughts we elect
to uphold and how
we are using that energy.
And so when we can realize that
everything exists for expansion
and then when we are
faced with hardship
to start to gently train
ourselves to look at,
How is this thing here
potentially for me?
as an invitation to expand
or to reach greater harmony,
we begin to heal.
We're beginning to
consciously move ourselves
towards that harmony.
So when we have an
issue in the body,
instead of seeing it
as hard as it can be,
seeing it as a problem,
or we're thinking
your body is failing you, what
might the body be asking for?
How might this be
in support of me
reaching a greater
state of harmony
or a higher
expression of myself?
And the same goes for emotions.
We were talking about earlier
with just a feedback system--
seeing them as feedback
and then just considering,
What is this data?
Telling me how is this
here to direct me?
as everything is essentially
directing us, again,
to become more whole
and harmonious.
>>NOORY: Well, Bree,
with more and more people
being tuned into this, why
does it still seem that we
live in a chaotic world?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, we sure do.
>>NOORY: You feel?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
especially now, we're all--
it does feel heavy.
And what I understand is
that we're being shown--
things are being revealed so
that we can choose differently,
much like our personal patterns.
And it's a good example of
sometimes how we approach
maybe our patterns in our life.
And we want to get rid of them.
And we want to sage them away.
But really, they're invitations.
And it's really just kind
of like the uni saying,
do you want to try it again?
Do you want to try it again?
Do you want to show
up differently?
And so all of this chaos is
really coming to a brink,
partly because of
this energetic shift
and also so that we
can choose differently.
And everybody loves a
portal and tell it like--
or ascension and
tell it-- squeezes us
of all of our comforts.
And we really have to
let go of these old ways
that we've shown
up and that ideally
don't serve our growth or
the growth of the collective.
>>NOORY: No, I'd rather be
part of the awakening community
than the chaotic community.
How do you get on
the right side?
>>MELANSON: Well, you
use your one agency,
your beautiful life force.
And I think nobody
is exempt from moving
through this hardship
and this shift
that we're moving
through right now.
So no matter how spiritual you
are or what kind of healing work
you're doing, we're all having
to really embody and choose
our growth because it's
one thing to know that we
are an infinite creator.
And it's another
thing to choose it.
And so it takes, yeah,
some spiritual muscles.
But I do think this time
is providing everything
that we've been asking for.
Just the difference
is that we're really
having to embody it and show up
as infinite creators versus it
just being an idea that
we entertained before.
>>NOORY: One of the things I
like about Gaia's "Channeling"
series is they help
teach us things,
telling us what we need and what
we should be doing right now
and things like that.
But it also covers the
shift in consciousness,
which is so important.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MELANSON: The beautiful thing
about moving through your fears
if you do want to
connect and you
have reservations
is that's going
to transfer into your life.
You're going to
become more empowered
in your physical living world
as well as within this aspect
of the unknown.
And if we're honest
with ourselves,
we are living in the
unknown all the time.
And it's where we
dance with source.
And it's where we create.
And it's how we fall in love.
And it's why we laugh.
So working through those
fears in the metaphysical
is only going to make
your life more expansive.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
It's the awakening.
It's the shift of consciousness,
the shift of limiting beliefs,
the old ways of being
that have been passed
along generation to generation.
These old foundations, the old
ways of thinking do not work.
The old structures
and foundations of old
are crumbling away.
And new will be formed
for a better world yet.
>> It's really time for us to
connect together and feel a part
of this awakening community.
We have to participate
in this bigger picture
and really be part
of this awakening
for ourselves and for humanity.
>>GILLETTE: I
believe that that's
why we're all here, to do just
that, to open up to the greater
us, the greater God's self,
if you would, which will help
the whole planet
because Theo says,
if we recognize who we are,
the divine beings that we are,
we'll have peace on our planet.
That's why we've
chosen to be here now
in this transformation
of consciousness.
That's why we're seeing
such a greater awakening
because so many people
have an interest in this.
So many people are having
some of their own personal
experiencing of opening.
And they want to understand it.
There are many
parts of our world
that people don't have
access, to friends
or family that can believe
in what they're experiencing.
And they're seeking community.
They're seeking connectivity
and understanding of self.
[END OF PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Bree, if we don't
atone to this awakening, what
happens to us as a people?
>>MELANSON: Rough waters.
I think the sooner that we can,
again, accept those invitations
in our own lives--
and even when we're looking at
the greater collective chaos,
recognizing that it is an
invitation for us to show up
differently.
All of the systems
that are built
on linear and individual
incremental gain
are crumbling because
they're not sustainable.
And we are being
required to really tap
into our ability to innovate
and guide ourselves and adapt
to the change.
And it can only happen
in our personal lives.
Again, we're given
this beautiful agency.
So the sooner we
can get on board
for moving towards
our personal healing,
the easier it can become.
And your healed expression
then is really the solution.
And your healed
expression is the most--
your most expansive
and free expression.
So every step we can make.
>>NOORY: Are religions
getting us to this point?
>>MELANSON: I think what
got us to this point is just
a lot of autopilot and ways
that we've unconsciously
looked for external
esteem or safeties.
And when we are looking
outside of ourselves
for a sense of safety, we
are essentially unsafe.
And the same goes for esteem.
We give up our own
inner authority
when we are looking to
another to fill that.
And that might be an
economic structure.
Or it could be somebody else.
So I think what
it comes down to,
again, is that forgetfulness
of our incredible ability.
And there are a lot
of energy or energies
that go into keeping
us forgetful.
Because if we remember
our full power,
then there's no need for
any type of external power
structures.
>>NOORY: Bree, does fear
hampers some of this?
>>MELANSON: Mm-hmm, it's
also the greatest invitation.
So if we use fear--
>>NOORY: Explain that.
>>MELANSON: Yes, if we
use fear as our guide,
it's really the quickest
route to our freedom
and our transcendence.
So fear, also in moving
through it, is an ego death.
And the ego isn't so bad.
It is our amigo.
We are supposed
to create with it.
We're just not supposed
to lead with it.
But an awareness that
when fear comes up,
that illusion of our
separation is at play.
And again, just the feeling
of fear is guidance.
It's letting us know that
we are kind of off track
to our inherent harmony.
And so as we become
curious as to what
happens when I move--
what's possible
when I move beyond this fear and
even how is the identity looking
to assure itself
through the external
and just taking a
soft accountability
of the conditioned self
that experiences fear
has like these
unconscious negotiations
with the external world.
So I have to play
small to be safe.
Or I have to please
others to be loved.
Or there's always this
negotiation that's going on.
And when we can
understand what's at play
and what's keeping
those fears in place
and then, again,
become curious as
to what is possible beyond this,
what is true beyond my identity,
beyond my investment in
this external illusion,
we begin to break free
from fear and experience
more of our wholeness
and our liberation.
Essentially, ego
deaths for the win.
They're not comfortable.
But--
>>NOORY: When you
channel, how do you
know what you're channeling?
>>MELANSON: Well, my
job is always just
to get out of the way, which
is the ultimate ego death.
I'm still getting used
to how I look and sound.
But again, my job is just to
move out as much as I can.
It feels maybe a
little bit like what
you would feel like before you
fall asleep, where you're aware.
You're observing.
But the active mind is
not yet at the forefront.
>>NOORY: When you channel, is
there a specific person you
channel or entity?
>>MELANSON: No, I have
always kind of explored
different realms.
>>NOORY: Well, how do you
know a demon doesn't get you?
>>MELANSON: Well, I guess
it would have to be,
A, a pretty tricky
demon because I
think I would be able
to feel essentially
the difference from honing
in on my second nature.
>>NOORY: Well, you might.
But somebody else may not be.
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I definitely
don't recommend doing it at home
and just going for it.
I did intuitive readings
for several years
before I learned how to channel.
And I learned how to create
boundaries for myself.
And I teach people how
to create those as well
and access channeling
or intuition
from an empowered place.
>>NOORY: Does channeling
always work for you?
>>MELANSON: Yeah,
there's, I think, times
which maybe it flows more.
It's really just a matter
of getting into the state
and then opening.
I tend to have it come
through a lot quicker
when I'm channel writing.
It's a lot like just
taking dictation.
>>NOORY: Automatic writing?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, and I type.
I had a belief that it was
like spiritual to write it.
But then I just was
like, this takes so long.
>>NOORY: And who's really giving
you the writing, the channel?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
So when-- yeah,
when I'm opening,
I'm asking to connect with
a certain consciousness.
And just pages and
pages will come out.
And it's always very
beautiful and, unfortunately,
not something that I
would be able to write.
>>NOORY: Now, you're going
to channel force today.
Do I ask that person
questions, that entity?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Or do you just spout?
>>MELANSON: They will
probably give you
a heads up when they're ready.
I am going to channel
a group of Arcturians.
They always speak in
the we form anyway.
>>NOORY: And explain
the Arcturians.
>>MELANSON: So I was
channeling the Pleiadians
and the Lumerians.
And I was introduced to
the Arcturians through--
>>NOORY: That's another
planetary system?
>>MELANSON: Yeah.
And just-- I guess
at the core of it,
it's just an
energetic resonance.
I'm not very curious about
the specifics of things
other than the messages
that they have to share.
But the first time I
connected with them,
they were very polite and kind
of acquiesced to all my boundary
things.
And so I felt really good
connecting with them.
And I think last time I was
here, I channeled the Pleiadian.
So I thought we'd call
some other friends.
>>NOORY: All right,
let's do what you do.
>>MELANSON: OK, cool.
>>NOORY: All right.
You have to get yourself
into a certain mode?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, it takes
me a moment and just really
to get Bree out of the way.
>>NOORY: All right, well, we're
going to keep this camera on you
and just watch what you do.
>>MELANSON: Great, thank you.
We are in great
celebration for this union,
not only this union of this
channel but this meeting
and the meeting of hearts
that is taking place
and that, in a sense, has
called this meeting forth, yes.
So it is within your
enquiries of what
you call the metaphysical world,
your curiosities around what
lies beyond the physical eye.
But it is also the great calling
of your hearts, yes, your desire
to live embodied
from what many may
call a heavenly-like existence
or awakening or transcendence.
So what we are saying is that--
and there are many who have
created this very moment
from the topics in which
you have discussed already
around the calling
of your heart, yes.
>>NOORY: Can I ask
you a question?
>>MELANSON: Yes?
>>NOORY: Are you
Bree or some entity?
>>MELANSON: Ah, this is
an excellent question,
one we would pose on to you
of which she has discussed
this great illusion
of separation,
although we understand the
nature of your question.
We are a group in which
Bree is very familiar with.
But it is not a particular
future incarnation of her that
exists in another dimension.
We could say family
or well known, yes.
>>NOORY: Who are you?
>>MELANSON: We
are as in what you
call a group of vibrational
beings of which you are as well.
And you call our group
the Arcturians, yes.
And as you can
tell, we are trying
to dissolve these structures
and names and linear structures.
And we are attempting to create,
in a sense, a more familiar
energy between us, yes.
>>NOORY: Why do you channel?
>>MELANSON: It is the very
same call or curiosity
just as you have discussed.
When there is chaos, there is a
greater call or a greater desire
for the higher awareness
and energy and potential
to solve a problem, yes.
And so this calling from
humanity, we can say,
is essentially created
our presence, yes.
So it is, we could say,
a collaboration of sorts.
It is a union, like all
things, with the intention
of creating harmony.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful for
the future of planet Earth?
>>MELANSON: Hmm, we
are not too concerned
with the planet itself.
We will say that we have
the ability or the greater--
we have a larger scope or
perspective of potentials, yes.
And we also-- with our ability
to see beyond the linear worlds
or what many call the matrix in
which humanity sometimes gets
a little stuck within, we are
mostly hopeful that each one
chooses to resonate with
the essence of their heart--
not to save the planet or
save humanity but simply
to resonate with
what is essentially
the energy of creation, yes.
>>NOORY: Would you
bring Bree back, please?
>>MELANSON: Yes.
It's interesting
they've been like--
>>NOORY: Is that you, Bree?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, they're
just-- the hand movements,
I think they've been
doing that lately.
And I think it's so
that it distracts me.
>>NOORY: Are you
aware of what you're
saying when they
communicate through you?
>>MELANSON: Yeah, I'm
like watching it, I guess.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Bree, what's the best way for
people to get a hold of you?
>>MELANSON: My website
is breemelanson.com.
>>NOORY: Spell that out for us.
>>MELANSON: Sure,
B-R-E-E-M-E-L-A-N-S-O-N dot com.
I have a lot of free
resources on there .
And yeah, I'd be honored
to share those and connect
with everybody.
>>NOORY: Bree, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MELANSON: Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: She has channeled
Pleiadians, Arcturians
with messages of
hope for mankind.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]